[PIPE-18334] Adding edge case for ternary operator and colon as constant (#6424)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/variables-and-expressions/harness-variables.md

</details>

Ternary operator and colon as constant in same expression is not supported.

> 

Reviewer: Let's look at the following sample expression:

> Ternary operator and semicolon as constant in same expression is not supported.

Reviewer 2: it should be colon, not semicolon

Author: Yes, updated it.

Expression : <+ 
                Env name: <+env.name> 
                Service Name: <+<+<+env.name>.contains("dev")>?<+env.name>:"No Env">
             >

> Above expression will not get resolved as colon is used as constant string with ternary operator. As a workaround for this expression to work we should create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above expression will not get resolved as colon is used as a constant string with the ternary operator. As a workaround for this expression to work we should create a new variable for ternary expression and use this variable in the original expression.
```

> a new variable for ternary expression and use this varible in original expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Take above expression as example:
> 
> We can create a test variable with this expression as value <+<+<+env.name>.contains("dev")>?<+env.name>:"No Env"> and replace the original expression with same. suppose variable created is at pipeline level then our final expression will be as below and it will work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example expression above, we can create a test variable with this expression as value `<+<+<+env.name>.contains("dev")>?<+env.name>:"No Env">` and replace the original expression with the same. Suppose the variable created is at the pipeline level, then our final expression will be as shown below, and it will work.
```
